0.29.1

Uses less memory and improves threading (requires forks Perl module).

Update the documentation.

Fetch multiple suites at once for Debian/Ubuntu.

Improved options parsing.

Add a config file to set desired distros/releases.

Fixed support for Gentoo, Slackware, OpenBSD, FreeBSD,
Arch, AUR, Fedora, Fink, openSUSE, Mandriva and Cygwin.

0.29

fixed AUR module

fixed Mandriva module

fixed a problem with openBSD URL construction

added new Slackware module to replace the previous one which queried a now-defunct (third party) web interface

code cleanup

implemented functionality suggested by Guillaume Delacour and Steve Cotton

updated to current version numbers of Ubuntu, Mandriva, openSUSE, OpenBSD, Fedora, Slackware (13.1 not 13.37 as we're waiting on linuxpackages.net to update their search interface)

NB: Fedora and openSUSE seem currently not to be working; Mandriva shows only first ten results returned by sophie.zarb.org


0.24

Cygwin module added

other modules updated

repository column widened to accommodate huge openSUSE repo strings

other minor changes and fixes


0.23

columns have been made wider to accommodate Debian's often excessively long version strings

netbsd, debian and ubuntu now report sizes

netbsd now reports dates

"--shallow" suppresses these fetches, which can be desirable as they are time-consuming and exert server load

all of these calls are threaded by default, can be disabled by "--no-threads" (same procedure as every year, James)

fixed fedora size formatting bug

now warns if distros specified are not recognised (thanks S Cotton for the bug report)

now honours proxies (thanks Thibaut Varene for the bug report, Jonathan Wiltshire for pointing out the fix)

Mandriva module added (thanks Sylvestre Ledru for pointing out the server)


0.22

netbsd module now queries pkgsrc.se, shows more details, is faster

Miscellaneous bugfixes

Also using the old combos subroutine again for some repositories, is slower

Added manpages in English and German, updated install script to install manpages to /usr/share/man


0.21

Added back Gentoo

Added back Fedora

Changed combos subroutine after profiling showed it to be slow

Including Debian "testing" repositories since we've been including Sourcemage's "test" for a while

Officially no more dependency on wget (for now, at least)


0.20

Distributions can now be specified on commandline, using the "-d Distribution1,Distribution2" option; the recognised strings are archlinux, debian, fink, freebsd, macports, netbsd, openbsd, opensuse, slackware, sourcemage, ubuntu

Some unrelated string changes


0.19

Added switch for unthreaded runs.

Changed string "DarwinPorts" to "MacPorts"


0.18

Added openSUSE module


0.17

Fixed several modules; all now working except Gentoo (RIP, web interface was
removed by Gentoo Project) and Fedora


0.16

Bumped or fixed several that weren't working.

Disabled Gentoo because package search seems to have been removed from web.


0.15

added support for
- Ubuntu

Bumped OpenBSD default release to 3.8

Fixed fink parsing.


0.14

added support for
- Fink
- DarwinPorts
- linuxpackages.net

Fix Debian version number bug.

Changed size of first column to fit strings "Source Mage" and "DarwinPorts".


0.13

fixed Gentoo problem

fixed Slackware problem

made Fedora sizes human-readable

give only most current Gentoo version


0.12

changed string "Src Mage" to "SMGL"

added support for
- Fedora

added a rudimentary install script


0.11

version 0.1 re-released as 0.10; version numbering will now have two decimal places

added support for
- Source Mage
- FreeBSD
- NetBSD
- OpenBSD

information about OpenBSD and NetBSD packages stored locally; updated once a day

date format sort-compatible

modules addressed as threads for speed

module templates included

